Sweden has begun implementing a standard 6- hour work day policy in order to improve work-life balance. The main purpose of the policy is to maintain people’s quality of life which is included material and non- material. Economy is a material aspect which included productivity of society. Stress and emotion are related to non-material. Material and non- material are important to maintain the quality of life. The 6- hour work day policy can fulfill the material and non- material needs.
First, citizen can maintain healthy life style which is good for their spiritual health. As mentioned before, the non-material life included stress and emotional change. Those emotion change and stress are related to unpredictable event which a person continues to stay in alert stage and person get exhausted. A lot of works will lead to stress and feel depression. Ameek Grewa relocated from London to Citibank's Nordic headquarters in Stockholm a year ago. He said that under the standard 6- hour work day policy, he can wait until office hours to call or email his customers and at the same time he knew he will not be phoned when he is on holiday so he can spend time with friends and family. Therefore, unpredictable work load will decrease and they can decrease stress and depression. The standard 6- hour work day policy helps citizen to have work-life balance.
Second, citizens can work effectively and increase productivity through the standard 6- hour work day policy. The relationship between hour works and productivity is that employee output falls sharply after a 50-hour work-week according to a study published in 2014 by John Pencavel of Stanford University. He suggested that people work at 35 hours, an additional five hours to the length of the working week has consequences for the effective labor input and it has different from an additional five hours starting at 48 hours. Therefore, the 6- hour work day policy can help to improve the quality of life. Increasing the productivity has better economy. Economy is a material indicator for quality of life.
Some may criticize that reducing working hours, the boss needs to employ more staff to cover the extra shift. The cost will be increased and it causes the stagnation of wages. But under the 6- hour work day policy, it can create more career opportunities to citizens and the quality of work and productivity will increased because of the effectiveness of work. According to the Svartedalen nursery home, using the 6- hour work day policy, the nursing staffs are happier, less stress and more alert. It can improve the quality of care to patient and the residents are happier to receive better care. Also, it create a new opportunities to employ more nursing staffs. 14 new nurses have been hired to cover the extra shifts.
Another example is the elderly care home in west Sweden. There are an statistic that nurses works shorter hours are taking less sick leave and report being less stress. Also, the staff can organise more activities such as dance classes, group reading sessions or outdoor strolls for patient which can improve the quality of nursing care. It proves that the 6- hour work day policy can maintain the work- life balancing of citizen in Sweden.
It is too early to define that the 6- hour work day policy is beneficial to the citizens in Sweden. It needs more investigation of the new policy. But so far it brings work- life balances to the citizens.

In 2015, Hong Kong Baptist University (Chiu, 2015) published a research document which is about the solution for Hong Kong long working hours, it shows that on average worker works approximately 10 hours per day in Hong Kong. it is the highest working hours in Asian countries. It also indicates that the workers who are working over forty-nine hours per week lose their personal life and health. Meanwhile, the problem of long-working-hours have been concerned by our society for a long time. But debate about the length of standard working hours legislation is still proceeding. I believe that six-hours-working days is good for improving quality of personal life and working efficiency. To remark, for the sake of clear discussion, six or less hours of working is defined as “short-working-hour”
Some employers may claim that longer working hours will lead to higher work output. Also, the salary is paid for them to work eight hours. Moreover, if the employees need working overtime to finish their work, it is their ability-problem. In fact, working longer does not certainly mean doing more work and it undermine the productivity. A literature review study(Pencavel,2014) which researches on the correlation between working hours and output, comparing the worker working hours lower than 40 hours per week with those working over 55 hours week. It shows that labour output decreases varying with increasing working hours. It also points out that lower working-hours is not only good for productivity, but also improves working performance. It is easy to understand that shorter working-hours can get better working result. As a slave-like worker works overtime frequently, they would lose energy and enthusiasm on work which means less output. Therefore, the belief of “higher working-hours, higher work output” is not grounded.
The benefit of six-hour-working days far outweighs working over eight-hours per day. It is because it can improve employee’s quality of life. six-hour-working not only improves social life, but also reduces health problems. The worker would have more time stay with family or meet with close friends to build up their relationship. For example, they could have more activities with their kids after work, such as playing in park with them or tutoring their homework. Furthermore, they could more chance to have dinner with friends, sharing worries and happiness with each other. Good family relationship and friendship are essential elements for us to build up resilience and release stress while the relationship needs us to spend time to build-up.
On the other hand, health is wealth. Therefore, health is the most vital thing for us. While, six-hour-working days is better for our health. According a study(Virtanen, M., 2008) , it indicates that the worker works over 55 hours per week have higher risk to suffer stroke than those who works 35-40 hours per week. We can imagine that how long they need to sit on a chair and how much mental stress they need to bear if working over ten-hours a day. Less exercise and repetitive work could cause a lot of health problems including musculoskeletal damage and obesity. While, long-working-hour would cause brain damage and more stress. Consequently, long-working-hour jeopardizes personal health and social well-being.
To recap, reducing working-hours to six per day could not only improve worker’s well-being, family life and friendships, but also make them healthier. Workers have more satisfying and sustainable life which is the way to recharge their batteries, giving them full energy to work hard. So, a six-hours-working day can help workers to reach work-life balance.
According to the research of UBS, Hong Kong is the city with longest working hour among the modern city in Asia or even global (Wu, 2015). But in Sweden, the government has started to implement a standard 6-hours work day which to improve the work-life balance. There are some of the advantages in executing 6-hours work-day for examples have more own time, a benefit for health and increase the productivity in working.
6-hours work day would give extra time for the employee compare to at least 8-hours work day now. For instance, a mother who just born a baby, she needs more time to staying with her newborn infant and build the mother and children bonding. In the other hand, if there is a senior at home, extra care should be given to him other than just with caring from the helper. Some may have an own interest in activities like drawing, dancing, they can go for the interest class after work or gathering. The life is being fruitful with interest.
It is a benefit for both physical and mental health with shorter working hours. Depression might cause by intensive working. Nurses working in the intensive care unit of pediatric, depression will be developing in long-term exposed in the intensive work (Lin, Cheng, 2016). In the research of 6-hours work day of the nurse in the retirement home shows that “2.8 times less likely to take any time off in 2-weeks period and get less sick leave” (Greenfield, 2016). Less working hour can also lead to lower stress and increase personal health and welling being (Greenfield, 2016).
The productivity is increased under 6-hours work day. One of the researchers Bengt Location said “cultural shift in the workplace, the six-hour day has to prove more than just humane.” (Greenfield, 2016). The shorter working hours can lead higher working motivation to increase productivity. People who feel overworked said they make more mistakes at work, according to a study by the Families and Work Institute (Greenfield, 2016). Base on the research of Stanford University notes that “productivity suffers as the number of hours worked increase, which correlates to a number of spillover effects like sleep deprivation and higher stress.” (Michelle Fox, 2016).
There are many of people question about the result of implementing the 6-hours work day and worry about productivity might fall. Some would say the 6-hours work day is a complete failure and cause economic loss (Vilhelm Carlström, 2016).There are many countries accepted the 6-hours work day and have been a trial before (Michelle Fox, 2016). So it is defiantly workable to execute in most of the modern cities and countries. Although it really causes economic loss and a shortage of labor, it does not mean that economy can come over all the other benefits to a human being.
There are lots of methods to improve work-life balance other than shortening the working hours to 6 hours. For example, like Google and Facebook do and work very free.6-hours the work day can benefit the employee have more own time, good for mental and physical health and increase the working productivity. Shorten the working hours is undeniable to admit it is the most effective way to improve work-life balance to sustain life quality.

Sweden is the world happiness index of ranked tenth in 2016. These variables currently include real GDP per capita, freedom to make life choices and social support. This is one of the best example to proofed the standard working hour is a positive phenomenon to descript Swedish people lift has been improved. States should follow by Swedish standing six-hour workday methods.
In our “crazy busy” and politico-economic world, it’s imperative to maintain a work-life balance. In 2016, Hong Kong has the longest working week in the world, in the meantime their world happiness index of ranked 75th. A successful work-life balance, workers working hour should not over than nine hour else they are having it hard to manage their private life outside of work. And implement a standard six-hour workday, there may have more time for family, social and leisure activities, etc. So far there can reduce family and social problems, since as the key to enhancement on productivity and social harmony are between families and working.
According to Marianna Virtance, long working hours might increase the risk of heart disease and stroke. For example, the research findings show that someone who working 55hour or more per one week, there are have a 1.3times higher risk of incident stroke than those working standard hours. In 2016, Swedish of total expenditure on health per capita is reducing. It is explained setting up a standard working hours, there may reduce the risk of accidents arising from fatigue due to working long hours and hence safeguarding worker’ occupational safety and health.
Opponents will say that affect long-term economic development. They ask:  “ implementation of a standard working hours regime may reduce labour supply, coupled with an ageing population, will worsen the labour shortage situation.” While we could not forget setting up standard working hour simultaneously can enhancing employees’ since of belonging and job satisfaction. When they are increased sense of belonging and job satisfaction, it decreased drainage worker. And a once of successful work-life balance policy can attract talents to Sweden then to enhance productivity of Sweden.
Other critics of regulation argue that setting up standard working hours would reduce productive, then effective the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). But in fact, Swedish GDP is not affected of the implementing standard working hour. In 1908, Ernst Abbe, he is industrial efficiency pioneer, he published of research, his conclusion a reduction in daily work hours from nine to eight result in an increase in total daily output. According those, we know that more the eight-hour day is not as effective as one would think.
Standard working hour should be implementation to more country. At a standard working hour that is promotion work-life balance. It is also their decision whether they are safeguarding workers’ occupational safety and health and during to enhance productivity of states. If we let this regulation continue to more country, lead to more workers will be happy about it and will enjoy their life and work as much.

A standard 6-hour workday is starting in Sweden. Many people believed that the change can enhance the motivation of workers to finish their work as fast as possible during the shorter working hours, therefore people gain a work-life balance. This sound like a reasonable initiative on the surface, but after a closer look it has serious problems. Shorter working hours turns out to not only be a bad idea; it is also a violation of our working attitude.
Considering the many challenges facing of workers, it is understandable that many employees would be eager to pursue short working hours option. Supporters of 6-hour workday point out that under the new standard working hours, they were easier to focus on the work, more motivated and have more energy competed their work. People were happier because they have more time to enjoy their life such as sports, relax, stay with family or companion or whatever they craving. Less work hours is better than long working time to get the life balance for people, but the changes 6 hours work would in fact seriously society problems as a whole.
Actually, reducing the work hours has not been received in all occupation lead to workers were decrease their productivity. Some people are workaholics or the salary system is hourly rate, they are tending to work more then earn more salary. For example, people who able to make one hundred per hour if they are not working or less working hours is costing their currency and reducing their personal productivity. The higher salaries of hourly that mean the more income abandon each hour of free time.
One of the seriously problems of short work time was decrease workers competitively. When people realized that they gain fixed income in fixed working hours, they would lose their competitively and motivation for work. Because they cannot get more salary during 6 working hours for hourly and fixed monthly employees. Therefore, the competitively of people are decreasing.
Moreover, economic benefits for company. Shifting worker hours will be increase cost of employers if the productivity cannot to reach completely or increased productivity saves less than the cost of employing additional staff. Some many work are employed on shit work including night work. A 6 hours workday system would case more shift schedules, such as 6 hours per work period needs 4 shift of the day; compare with traditional 8 hours working is one more shift. That mean the employers should be recruitment more one shift crew to solve the manpower problem. For example if nurses and doctors have work-life balance for working 6 hours, they also decreasing patient’s life quality at the same time as patients cannot reach a good quality of care when emergencies.
The last important problem is self-discipline of people. Shifting 6-hour workday the main purpose is getting the balance of work and life for worker. However, who can ensure that people spend their time to rest and have a good quality of sleep to increasing their daytime work. Some people also are late night to enjoy their happy hours, which causes lower productivity and human error still exists in daytime work place. If people have a disciplined way to work, they also can get their private time in traditional working hours because they can work efficiently without extra time over 8 hours, thus without any risk of health and increasing productivity for them.
To sum up, a six-hour working day cannot help to improve work-life balance. This change would cause cost increase of company, decrease productivity and competitively, personal discipline of people. The 8-hours working of people is more suitable for nowadays society.

The issue of the implementing ‘a standard-6 hours work day’ is a matter of much contention among the general public. We should put the emphasis on viewing arguments on whether a six-hour working day before drawing any conclusion.
Switching on the television, we find it not weird to see most of the workers have got an emotional illness such as suicide when they felt a great stress. Sometimes, the workers strive for ‘a standard- 6 hours work day’ through the parade to protest. This phenomenon is normal nowadays. Hence, it is rewarding to look into its benefits of the implementing ‘a standard-6 hours work day’.
‘A standard- 6 hours work day’ is undoubtedly enhanced work productivity. No one would deny that the longer hours to do the works, it becomes less productive, so cutting down the hours will encourage people to be more productive and they will have more energy to do so. As well as it can reduce the working hours can allow more time for attending to personal work and it can give you the time to away from your job to recharge and obtain sufficient rest. It can help you to enhance enthusiasm and focus which can improve your productivity. Also, it can help you accomplish work tasks in less time and fewer errors. Absolutely, it can enhance the company’s productivity and efficiency.
Needless to say, ‘A standard- 6 hours work day’ can drive the local economy. Due to the workers have more leisure time to consume and spend such as help boost the businesses of retail, catering and service industries, which help to enhance the growth of the local economy. In other words, there are more time can make the people crave for consumption and spending and then more business can create more employment opportunities in the service and retail industry. Therefore, it can reduce the unemployment rate. Moreover, ‘A standard- 6 hours work day’ can improve the relation between employees and employer. In general, most of employees and employer except the work need, they had insufficient communication. Implementation of 6 hours work day can enhance their interactive. For example, they can hold some gathering after work, it can help them more understand to each other. Thereby, it can increase the working atmosphere.
In addition, employees may have more time for family care. During most of the employees should over time working, it has been taking up a whole day. After work, they felt very tired. Basically, there is no space time to accompany with their children, their relationship will be alienated. If implementation of 6 hours, the employees can put more time to accompany with their family. After their work, they can back home to teach their children to do the homework, study, cook dinner or sometimes to go outside. Therefore, the employees can more easily to understand their children and it can establish harmonious family.
Besides, I believe that more employees extremely annoying overtime work. In the long term, it might only make employees hate work and no sense of belonging to the company. Implementation of 6 hours work day, it can enhance employees’ sense of belonging and job satisfaction. Flexibility arrangements for addressing seasonal fluctuation of work, it may reduce work pressure and meet needs of staff for flexible working time, contributing to enhance work autonomy, sense of belonging and job satisfaction.
To sum up, implementation of 6 hours work day can get more advantages for us such as enhance the company’s productivity and efficiency,  employees may have more time for family care and have enough time to take a rest.  Therefore,  it can achieve to improve work-life balance.

In Hong Kong, in order to reduce the accident due to long work hour, the standard working hour has been being discussed controversially by the public since 2011. Some of employers query that it is unable to achieve the balance between work and life for employees. Opposite side believe that With shorten work hour they can improve work-life balance. Compare with Hong Kong, Sweden has already implemented a standard 6-hour work day. There is some evidence that 6-hour work day will help to balance the work and life.
6-hour work day provide the efficiency and accuracy of workforce to companies. Erika Hellstrom, 34-year-old art director works in the company which offer a standard six-hour day. After the implement of 6-hour work day, she expressed that can spare more time to train for maintaining the accurate work. Moreover, it is hard to concentrate to work at 8-hour work day. Less working time can allow her to more focus on her duty quickly and spend more time on her private life to decompress.
Life will be more health and happier as switching from 8 to 6-hour work day. Starting early 2015, Gothenburg, the city of Sweden has a long term trial at a local nursing home. There is 60 nurses turned eight working hour to 6-hour work day with same wages as before. It found that fewer employees had called in sick, overall happiness and the staff retention, and satisfaction among elderly patient are increased.
The experiment tested in other place got the same result. Orthopedic surgery in Sahlgrenska University hospital also shifted nurses and doctors work hour from eight to six. The report had shown that the number of sick leaves decrease and more surgeries can be performed as increase the productivity.
Shorter working day gives the responsibility of family and the benefit to company. At Toyota service centre in Gothenburg, there is 6-hour working hour per day which has been being begun from the past decade. The scheme not only raises the profit to 25%, but also gives staff more time in their family.
Opponents comment that 6-hour work day do not help to work-life balance. They believe that the full time worker will apply part-time job after 6-hour work. This may malfunction of work-life balance. In fact, implementing the plan of the same time, the salary as before is important. While they receive equal wages in less time, they would regard their children feeling. So that workers will retain the remain time to their family rather than working.
Moreover, some of scholar consider that shorten working hour would brings the fear in the labourer with physical illness because of the pressure in high concentration. Appropriate stress can convert to dynamic. However excess of it may bring various health problem. So the employer must to afford proper workload with the scheme of 6-hour work day to achieve the work-life balance.
In conclude, there are staff advise that shorter work hour changes her work-life in balance. Also the trial at nursing home and hospital bring that switch from 8 to 6 hour of work hour are help in their balance in work and life. Therefore, 6-working hour per day help to improve the work-life balance.

Working hours is most importance issue in Hong Kong. According to a global survey found that Hong Kong is the most working hours in the whole world and exceeds 50 hours of working time per week. Population annual working hours of Hong Kong is 2,296, higher than global (1,1915 hours) and Asia (2,154 hours). Compared with the global average work hour of 36 hours 23 minutes, Hong Kong is higher than nearly 39%. In Sweden has begun implementing a standard 6-hour work day to improve life-balance. Indeed, implementing standard were benefited to employee and employer.
Firstly, implementing a standard 6-hour work day can increase pressure and health problem to employees. Long working hours will release stress and increase health problems such as body aches, insomnia, and weight gain. Some people who don’t know how to settle problem will lead to difficult to social, even began to eat sleeping pills or other medicine to lead more smooth to their work. If more serious of a problem, according to medical research pointed out will suffer a risk of heart disease and depression if people who had longer working hours. So the aims of implementing a standard 6-hour working day were getting more done in a shorter amount of time and ensure people had the energy to enjoy their private lives.
Secondly, implementing a standard can improve happiness index and quality of life to Hong Kongers. According to World Happiness Report, Hong Kong only ranking in 75 of 156 countries. The major reason of reducing ranking is long working hours every day. Often long working hours will affect the relationship with their families and friends, employees have more time to take care with their families, increase the communication with their families, social and leisure decompression, leisure their pressure of balance work and family responsibilities. Also, it can reduce family and social problem and advance society harmony.
Also, implementing this system not only benefit to employees, it will benefit to employers too.
First, implementing a standard can lower turnover rate to a company. According to Chief Executive Officer of Swedish application developer Filimundus, Linus Feldt said that ‘focusing on more than 8 hours in a job is a huge challenge, it make people more vulnerable to work and also found that more difficult to manage private affairs to employees.’ A Less working hour can have more time to enjoy their private lives, they can be more investment of time and energy to work, reduce absenteeism and increase profit in that time and increasing loyalty to employees. Also, their efficiency and performance, business efficiency and customer satisfaction also can be improved.
Then, increase productively. Allow employees have more time to advanced studies and develop personal interests can help to enhance the quality of employees to improve the competitiveness of employees and companies.
However, some people think that it’ll difficult to carry out with some companies such as disciplined forces. If Hong Kong government implement this standard, they can consider changing the method to calculating working hours, such as calculate the average hours per month, it will reduce the adverse effect.
In conclusion, Hong Kong government need to considered this standard 6-hour work day to improve the quality of life of employees and improve competition of companies.

Some companies in Sweden has begun implementing a standard 6-hour work day in order to improve work-life balance. In my opinion, I strongly agree that 6 hours work day is a good way to improve work-life balance, I will take Hong Kong as an example to explain my view.
First of all, 6 hours work day provide more time to enjoy their family time. Hong Kong has not implemented a standard working hours, so most of the worker their working hours are from 9am to 6pm and totally around 8 hours and they may overtime after 6pm, so the working hours is too long. As they finished their work on or after 6 pm so they do not have enough time to spend with their family, so they do not have enough communicate with family members and this will cause some family problems. However, if 6 hours working day is implemented they will have more time spend with their family and have more chance to communicate with them, it can improve their family relationship as many family argue the main cause is less communicate, to prevent this problem the best way is more communicate, to provide more time to spend with family, the effective way is decrease the working hours day.
Second, the fewer the working day the more time to add value to yourself. There are many benefits when the worker have more time to take some course, such as if they take the course which related to what their job, it can improve the working quality and have a better performance. Add value to themselves not only have a better performance in their job but also can learn other talent and skill that are useful in their job. Just like Hong Kong the workers need to have different talent skills so that they can get a job easily and stay in the company longer.
In addition to, there are psychological and physiological benefits if there are short working hours. In Hong Kong many people do not have enough exercise, the main reason is that the working hours is too long, they do not have spare time to do exercise, it will affect their health and cause some health problems, so 6 hours work day can provide more time to do exercise. Numerous reports and studies in U.S. find that workforce is to blame for many health issues and when the employees work more than 11 hours a day they likely develop heart disease, so 6 hours work day can prevent those health problems. Apart from that, shorter the working hours can make the workers relax as they can leave the office early and do something what they like to relax themselves.
Someone may said that the productivity will decrease because the working hour is shorter and they cannot do many things. But it is wrong, it is because when the working hour is shorter but the workload is same as 8 hours work day, so the worker will finish their job faster. In a research find that if the worker have a repeat tasks and handle it for a long time it not only no benefits in productivity but also create a burnout feel.
To conclude, 6 hours work day not only benefit of us but also the family and the company, so it can improve work-life balance.

The implementation of a standard 6-hours workday in Sweden is aims to improve work-life balance of Sweden people. It is important since a healthy working life should be including an appropriate amount of private time. Personally, I think it is a good project to put into practice.
With no doubt, having a shorter working time definitely will raise the working atmosphere of the employees since they turns out having more private time to stay with their families and friends. Moreover, they will gain more time to use on their private social activities and relax in order to relief their pressure accumulate form their work. A better working experience and life will enhance the employees’ working abilities and performance.
The second thing is, we have seen a lots of catastrophes happened if working hours last too long. In China, most of the employees cannot own their welfare and having an extremely long working hour. And what results was a pathetic catastrophe that twelve employees commit-suicide by jumping from buildings. Yes, it is the well-known Foxconn suicides. It raises a concern to the public that how important is a regulated standard working hour and work-life balance. I think Sweden is doing a right thing to secure the employees welfare, also their mental and physical health. We do not want to see another Foxconn accident happen again. Regulating the standard working hour definitely can help on this issue.
Some opposition may concern a point that working 6-hours per day may not be able to produce a high quality of efficiency. Actually, there is no such a proved that a shorter working hour will lower the working efficiency. Instead, a scientific study shows that working fewer hours would make us more productive and effective. It is a very simple principle, if you work with a very long time, you will become exhausted and tend to be less productive and effective since you do not have enough energy and focus on your work. Worst-case scenario, you may set your working progress back and make thing even worst.
Of course, if the employees really cannot finish their work within the standard 6-hours working, they can still stay in the office to continue their work. Standard working hours is a legal regulation for the companies and employers to follow that the regulated standard working hours should not be more than six hours. For more than six hours, it should be treated, as an overtime and extra paid should be paid back to the employees. Everything that secures the employees’ welfare should be remained.
Last but not least, shorten the standard working hour can let the employees to have more time to stay with their families and children. It should be a main consideration of balancing a work-life. If the employees can spend enough time with their families, they definitely will feel more comfortable and motivate them to have a higher working efficiency since they can gat more rest. This is the ultimate goal of implementing this change, to improve work-life balance and motivate Sweden people to get more things done in a shorter amount of time and thus they will have the energy to enjoy their private lives.
In conclusion, I think this scheme will show some positive effect on Sweden people in order to improve their work-life balance. Human cannot do things properly if they are under pressure, shorten the working hour definitely can help them to relief some of the pressure. At the end, I believe it is a good move to do in order to maintain a healthy working style of Sweden people.

